by the way when Obama went on TV to
announce that they'd killed bin Laden
and he spoke for nine and a half minutes
Trump yesterday did 48 minutes on this
and for further comparison we thought it
might be fun to match up Trump's speech
about al Baghdady
with Obama's about bin Laden and we were
right it was the United States has
conducted an operation that killed Osama
bin Laden Abu Bakar al Baghdadi
is dead the United States launched a
targeted operation against that compound
they did a lot of shooting and they
blaster even not going through the front
door you know you think you go through
the door if you're a normal person you
say knock knock
may I come in after a firefight they
killed Osama bin Laden and took custody
of his body he died like a dog did his
death does not mark the end of our
effort a beautiful dog you give thanks
for the men who carried out this
operation and I don't get any credit for
this but that's okay I never do we are
may God bless you and may God bless the
United States of America and I'm writing
a book and this is the internet I made
it myself hit subscribe if you liked it